Add FastStream example to docs (#958)
ets-labs/python-dependency-injector: docs/examples/faststream.rst

Reviewer: Add reference to `docs/examples/index.rst` so it appears alongside other examples.

Author: done

.. _faststream-example:

> FastStream example
> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FastStream example
==================
```

Author: done

Reviewer: Did you push the changes?

Author: I started commenting along with adding changes so I can track what's done and what is not.

Now I committed everything so you can check

Author: And thanks for the review btw :)

.. meta::
   :keywords: Python,Dependency Injection,FastStream,Example
   :description: This example demonstrates a usage of FastStream with Dependency Injector.

> This example shows how to use ``Dependency Injector`` with `FastStream <https://dummy.faststream.airt.ai/0.5/faststream/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use ``Dependency Injector`` with `FastStream <https://github.com/ag2ai/faststream>`_.
```

Author: done
